This web application uses API DUMMYJSON: https://dummyjson.com

When opened app the user is taken to the main page where there is a massage that user must authenticate. When user click on the login button a login window opens where the user must enter username and password. When the user enters username or password the verification is validated.
If the user enters the correct username and password user are automatically taken to the home page.

On the main page user can see three links: HOME, USERS, RECIPES and button LOGOUT, photo of user and a massage that the authentication was successful. If user wants to leave the app he just needs to click the button LOGOUT.

When user click on the link USERS he will be able to see a list of users. List of users gives information about the user in a short description. Also the list of users is paginated and gives for user only five users in list. To go to the next page or previous page to view the list there are two buttons at the bottim of the list PREVIOUS and NEXT. The is search input in the line above the list. User can enter name or ID to search for a specific user and if such users are in the list they will be visible immediately after entering. The user profile will appear only with the firs and last name and you can go to their page with more detailed information about user when you click on the link (firs name and last name.) The user can also click on the firs and last name and go to their page with more detailed information.

The page with more detailed information contains detailed information about the user as well as their recipe if the user has one. When clicking on a recipe the user is taken to the recipe page with detailed information about the recipe.

When the user click on the recipes link a page with users recipes opens. The recipes page contains a photo of user who was logged in to the app, input for searching recipes by tag or ID and a list of recipes consisting of the recipe name and tags below it. The recipe list is paginated and user can get five recipes in the list of recipes. To move between the list of recipes user can use the buttons PREVIOUS and NEXT at the bottom of the list. When clicking on the recipe name user is taken to a page with more detailed information about this recipe. When user click on a tags, recipes with the same tags are filtered.

In the input user can enter the name or ID of the recipe. After the data is entered into the input recipes will appear on request.When clicking on the recipe name that appears after entering information in the input, user will automatically be taken to the recipe page with more detailed information.